Ahmet said the third-quarter budget was revised to 2.4 million liras. The teacher announced the final exam would be held on June 12th. The doctor said the patient's blood pressure was 140 over 90 and the dose would be raised. The board decided to postpone the launch to October. Zeynep shared the results of the customer satisfaction survey. The team prioritized fixing the memory leak in the payment service. Can reported the crash rate in the mobile app was 1.2 percent. Mehmet reported that the Istanbul branch fell 8 percent below targets. Finance projected that cash flow would recover next month. It was agreed that the next meeting would be held next Tuesday. Burak said the database migration would happen on Friday. Ayse argued that marketing spend should be cut by 15 percent. Elif asked to raise test coverage from 72 to 85 percent. HR requested approval to hire three new engineers. The lawyer noted that clause 7 of the contract covers the confidentiality provision. Ahmet said the third-quarter budget was revised to 2.4 million liras. The teacher announced the final exam would be held on June 12th. The doctor said the patient's blood pressure was 140 over 90 and the dose would be raised. The board decided to postpone the launch to October. Zeynep shared the results of the customer satisfaction survey. The team prioritized fixing the memory leak in the payment service. Can reported the crash rate in the mobile app was 1.2 percent. Mehmet reported that the Istanbul branch fell 8 percent below targets. Finance projected that cash flow would recover next month. It was agreed that the next meeting would be held next Tuesday. Burak said the database migration would happen on Friday. Ayse argued that marketing spend should be cut by 15 percent. Elif asked to raise test coverage from 72 to 85 percent. HR requested approval to hire three new engineers. The lawyer noted that clause 7 of the contract covers the confidentiality provision. Ahmet said the third-quarter budget was revised to 2.4 million liras. The teacher announced the final exam would be held on June 12th. The doctor said the patient's blood pressure was 140 over 90 and the dose would be raised. The board decided to postpone the launch to October. Zeynep shared the results of the customer satisfaction survey. The team prioritized fixing the memory leak in the payment service. Can reported the crash rate in the mobile app was 1.2 percent. Mehmet reported that the Istanbul branch fell 8 percent below targets. Finance projected that cash flow would recover next month. It was agreed that the next meeting would be held next Tuesday. Burak said the database migration would happen on Friday. Ayse argued that marketing spend should be cut by 15 percent. Elif asked to raise test coverage from 72 to 85 percent. HR requested approval to hire three new engineers. The lawyer noted that clause 7 of the contract covers the confidentiality provision. Ahmet said the third-quarter budget was revised to 2.4 million liras.